High level requirements

ok, this analysis shows the big problems that I want to fix. When I have a doubt about how a unit's stats are calculated, it should be super clear and super easy to get with a simple query. I want the architecture to be like this -> All base stats of every unit in one table based on the unit id as the unique key, along with the base armor class attack class and so on. one table with all techs and unique bonuses that modify specific unit ids and stats. You can also include hard coded values here, but they should all be in the db. Some special effects can be in another table. Then there should be a tech tree table (which civ has access to which unit, and which techs (the techs may upgrade some units to make them available for each civ)). You could have a separate table with secondary projectiles, bleed damage and other details. This is the set of all the base information. Then there should be a calculated table for each civ in each age. This table has fully upgraded stats of each unit for each civ. This table would have champion repeated for each civ for example. In this table, there should be explicit details about how each stat is calculated (which techs are enabled and which are not). It should be super simple to look up this table, look at the warrior priest for armenians and find out how its hp was calculated. This calculated table will be the base for all the simulations. It should be possible to use this table, do some what if secnario (like what if removed an upgrade, how would this unit fare. This table would be the source for the unit details by civ view in the webapp. Then finally there should be the unit ranking table. This will be the outcome of simulations run to rank each unit that we are starting to build (just did for the militia line).



I think it would be better to start over. Create documentation of everything you have learnt about extracting data from the aoe2 dat file. All the unique stuff, they way the unit codes are assigned, and how to extract the data that is needed (unit, stats, projectiles, techs, availability techs). Create another documentation of how you did the simulation in the frontend and the backend. The considerations, the unique effects, and what you should do if you were to start over again. Do not explain the current architecture, only talk about the aoe2 data nuances, and the logic to improve sumlations. Create another document about how the webapp reads data, and what kind of data it expects, how to get the svg. I want to keep the webapp the same, and only create the data from scratch.